[DE][Exceptions] Allow duplicate case sensitive values for match_any (#4023)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/add-exceptions.asciidoc

+
IMPORTANT: Using wildcards can impact performance. To create a more efficient exception using wildcards, use multiple conditions and make them as specific as possible. For example, adding conditions using `process.name` or `file.name` can help limit the scope of wildcard matching.

.. *Value*: Enter the value associated with the *Field*. To enter multiple values (when using `is one of` or `is not one of`), enter each value, then press **Return**. 
+

> NOTE: Identical, case-sensitive values are supported for the `is one of` and `is not one of` operators. For example, if you want to match the value `Windows` and `windows` add both values to the **Value** field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `is one of` and `is not one of` operators support identical, case-sensitive values. For example, if you want to match the values `Windows` and `windows`, add both values to the **Value** field. 
```

. If required, modify the conditions.
+
[NOTE] 
======
* Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,13,13]). Using these fields might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts, Troubleshooting type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.

> * Identical, case-sensitive values are supported for the `is one of` and `is not one of` operators. For example, if you want to match the value `Windows` and `windows`, add both values to the **Value** field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `is one of` and `is not one of` operators support identical, case-sensitive values. For example, if you want to match the values `Windows` and `windows`, add both values to the **Value** field. 
```
